I just finished up cleaning the summer
garden and I'm going to plant a full
garden I've got some fertilizer here
this from Park C and it's an organic
fertilizer it says to use nine cups for
50 square feet I'm gonna just use about
a cup and a half or this just
rejuvenating the soil a little bit I'll
turn it in this soil is really pretty
new so the fertilizer will just help
give the plants a jump start so I've
laid everything out and I'm gonna have
two rows have led us back here and just
work my way towards the barn which is
working my way south this is going going
to be the area that gets the most light
these are radish it's a little bit
bigger of a seed you should come up
pretty quick I planted this garden about
three or four weeks ago with Walgreens
and it's coming really thick and the
Swiss chard is really thick so I'm gonna
give it a little bit more space and put
some of it in the new garden trying to
get the root here that looks pretty good
okay well I've got the garden planted
next I'll just water it and this project
was sponsored by the park seed company
all the seed is from Park seed my other
planter is from Park seed and they've
been around for 150 years and I really
appreciate them sponsoring this show I
will have a description of everything
that I've planted on my website thanks
for tuning in and we'll check back on
this in a few weeks
see you soon